##CP2406 Programming 3 Assignment 2
##By:Chen Yizhen
##Problem Specification:
Users need a traffic simulator that can simulate various vehicles passing through roads, intersections, and traffic lights. The user can input the vehicle status by himself to simulate the vehicle passing through the road, crossroads, and traffic lights until the end of the road.
##Problem Decomposition:
Split the problem:
Car:
The car class will be an object that describes an average size road vehicle. Holding the following attributes;
id – a unique identifier that will differentiate each car.
Length – the physical space the car occupies longways.
Breadth – the physical space the car occupies widthways, half the cars length.
Speed – how far the car moves for each simulation turn.
Position – where the car is located on a road.
Current Road – the road the car is currently traveling on.
The car will be able to move, using the move() method,Speed is set by the user,If there is a green light ahead, the vehicle will continue to move forward, if it is a red light, it will stop until the red light turns into a green light, and then drive to the end of the road.
Bus:
The bus class will be a subclass of car, describing a large road vehicle. It will inherit its attributes and behaviour from Car except its length will be defined as being three times that of the cars length.
Motorbike:
The motorbike class will be a subclass of car, describing a small road vehicle. It will inherit its attributes from and behaviour Car except its length will be defined as being half that of the cars length.
Road
The road class will be an object that describes a single lane road. Holding the following attributes;

id - a unique identifier that will differentiate each road
Speed limit – the maximum speed that cars on that road may travel at.
Length – the number of segments the road is comprised of and the physical space it occupies.
Start location – the (x,y) coordinate that represents where the road begins.
End location – the (x,y) coordinate that represents where the road ends.
Connected roads – all of the roads that this road is physically connected to.
Lights on the road – all the traffic lights that are on the ends this road.
Cars on the road – all of the cars that are currently traveling on this road.
The for the first version of the program the speed will be constant and set to 1. Meaning the car will only be able to move a single position each turn making it easier deal with traffic lights and the ends of roads. The length of the road will be variable depending of user input. Roads will interreact with other roads by being connected to them, creating a very basic intersection with only one option for the car to take. Cars will move along the road from the starting position (1) to the end position, that depends on the road’s length. Traffic lights can be placed at only the end position of the road.
Traffic Light
The traffic light class will represent a simple red or green traffic light. Holding the following attributes;

id - a unique identifier that will differentiate each traffic light.
State - the colour the ligth is displaying.
Position - where the traffic light is located on the road.
Road attached to - the road that the light is attached to.
The traffic light will operate, using the opperate() method. Randomly changing from green to red. This opperation will be based on pseudo-random numbers generated by the program. The light will be placed on a road only at its final position, the end of the road, and will interact with cars that are also at that position. If the light is red the cars will stop and not move to the next road. If the light is green the cars will continue past and move to the next road.
